"A love where you just lick each other's wounds... is nothing but a shame."
"He's falling slowly... isn't it strange how we always fall back to where we're meant to be?"
"I love her so much I could bite her tongue off and kill her."
"I'm afraid it will be cloudy on tanabata forever."
"I'm the strongest guy in the U.S.A!!!"
"I see, Punpun figures out what was so different now compared to back then... It was himself."
"I would wish for shootfing stars to disappear forever."
"Punpun is just fine again today."
"See ya."
"This delusion isn't going to last forever."
"You’ve got to keep on living, no matter what… please believe me when I say, that there’ll come a time when you’ll be glad that you’re alive."
"Punpun disliked the summer because it was too hot. But he didn't like the winter either because it was too cold. And above all he hated this moment right now."
"I really wanted to be killed by you."
"Punpun realized that he probably WAS retarded."
"Punpun, you're a good kid. It makes me want to puke."
"I love you."
"Is this what I've always looked like?"
"No matter what kind of life a person leads, they will always die in the end. That is only fair."
"I want to make your life MISERABLE."
"You were scared they were going to laugh at you, right? So let them! People who discourage others will never find their own happiness!"
"If pretending to know was childish and pretending not to know was adult, then Punpun thought that he was still probably just a child."
"To Punpun, the seemingly unmeaningful words, “See ya,” spoken by Sachi were magical words that transformed the next day into a day worth living."
“Watching you guys makes me want to get my shit together...”
“As I said 'See you later,' I knew in the corner of my mind we'd never see each other again.”
“Who cares if you have a dream, right? It's hard enough just to live a normal life.”
"You sure are a greedy kid.”
"Could I have discovered a new planet?!"
“If you run with your head turned back you won't be able to tell if you're running off a cliff.”
"May you never forget me."
"ITS AIKO"
"Just how long do you think this little fairy-tale of yours will continue on for?"
'Dear God, Dear God, Tinkle Tinkle Hoy."
"A piece of my brain....just shot out of my weiner!!" 
"I'm scared of dying..."
"There’s no such thing as a decent human being in this world. Not a single one."
"I hope that you never forget me..."
"You wouldn't lie, would you? Punpun?"
"Good vibrations!"
"You reap what you sow!"
"That's why, as long as you remain yourself... this world will be your's"
"I wanted you to kill me..."
"Goodnight Punpun..."
"Goodmorning Punpun."
"To not even try because you are afraid of failing is just too pathetic. But if you still feel like blaming the ghosts of your past then by all means, go ahead.”
“I'm also scared of trying only to end up failing even more than I am dying. But, I have no choice but to try.”
“What a sinner really needs isn’t punishment, it’s to understand the pain of being forgiven.”
"You're as cute as a button, Aiko"
"No, YOU die."
"Stop playing games with me, Tanaka Aiko."
“If there is a place lower than here, it would be hell.”
"♪ I - don't - un - der - stand, hey! ♪"
"I am thinking non stop the last weeks. So why i am so useless?"
